# HELPING-HANDS-
I am creating a safe place for young people (women and children) who are just without, are less fortunate and have been through a very tough time including but not only dealing with some kind of addiction. I want to help America become GREAT AGAIN. I am a recovering addict myself and my daughter saved my life. I was addicted to pain medication and it was just when pain killers were showing up EVERYWHERE! It was sad. I was a lucky addict though because I decided to get pregnant which in turn would make me get clean, it doesn't always matter to everyone. She was my reason for FORCING myself to stay off drugs and this Summer will be 5 years, it would have been 8 years but with addiction comes relapse. It's up to the addict how serious they are about their Society. I believe that ANYONE can get clean, in fact I know EVERYONE can, they have to WANT TO. That's the hardest part for an addict, convincing yourself that you don't care to get high. It's basically like telling someone not to enjoy themselves at their FAVORITE events or places...Impossible! But we all have the power and the conviction if we give ourselves a good enough reason, we all have the power to stop! I want a place where recovering addicts can come be safe, away from their normal way of life/people, and RECOVERY (under STRICT watch). They will have resources to Psychiatrist's, Therapist's and any other health care needs. Some more resources will be, but not limited to either, housing classes (how to prepare to live on their own, while staying clean), parenting and job training classes, schooling or training of any kind available (hoping for all and EVERY kind) and just a new family who are going to be there to help her be strong and help her with the kids while she goes through the roughest days and there to welcome and greet her on the other side of this disease. Please if you can at all, please help? You can help by donating of course but i can also use some handy men and roofers or anyone who likes to clean and set things up accordingly. Honestly, this is WAY BIGGER than me so ANY KIND OF HELP REALLY MAKES A DIFFERENCE! Let's all get together and start this project off STRONG so that it will END THAT WAY TOO! I HAVE SO MUCH FAITH IN ALL OF US!!!! We need to get back to the way things used to be before everyone was raised with entitlements and before everybody judged everybody else. Let's not turn our backs and let's instead turn our attitudes around and start looking for the positive in things ONCE AGAIN! If you think of it like that, then we are all able to relate with any addicts who are looking and truly wanting a new start! !!!COME ON EVERYONE!, LET'S ALL GIVE AND GET A 2ND AND NEW CHANCE!!! 
